hi I'm rich from ask patty calm and I
have friends that are professional
window washers and they tell me that if
you drop them off in a city and you gave
them a squeegee a strip washer and
they're square bucket that in the first
day they'd have enough money for a place
to stay in food to eat by the end of the
week they'd have rent for a month in a
car window washing you pay a lot of
money but it's really not that difficult
it's not rocket science so what I want
to do today is show you real quick not
only how to clean a low window like this
where you can reach it but an easy way
to clean your high up windows without
jeopardizing yourself on a ladder and
it's much much faster I think you'll be
amazed at how fast and how good we can
clean windows today this is just a
squeegee it's a commercial grade
squeegee you can change the rubber and
it's called the channel that slides in
here so if we're doing great big windows
we can go to a great big rubber and
channel little windows if we have little
teeny panel windows we can go to a very
small one now I'll cost in you it's not
always best to buy the great biggest
rubber and squeegee that you can get
even if your windows are big the reason
being it takes a little practice to
maintain the right amount of pressure
when your squeegee it also pays to have
an absorbent rag and in this case I'm
using one of the microfiber rags that I
use all the time you clean
and I keep it in my back pocket started
to wipe the squeegee down in between so
we don't leave any streaks on the window
the other thing we're going to use this
is called a strip washer and this is
basically to get all of the bird stuff
off all of the bugs that dirt from the
mower this will help get it off the
window and it's just a scrubbing tool
and it's very soft it's not going to
break the glass so let me show you what
I'm talking about we'll do the outside
of the window first and then the inside
and now I'm going to go ahead and
squeegee the outside then we're going to
do the inside for a crystal clear shine
make sure my squeaky is dry
what I like to do is wipe it off in
between
I overlap a little bit wipe it again
I got one little wet spot
the outside is done now we'll get to the
inside and see how fast we can do that
start with the squeegee
I'm a little bit of a perfectionist but
that thing is absolutely crystal clear
clean I hope you agree that it was that
easy one last thing you're probably gone
but rich what's the secret stuff in the
water that you use it it's a product
that was developed by a West German
company they're one of the leading
manufacturers and window cleaning
equipment the name of the company is
hunger and it's a little teeny pill and
you'll find that most of the commercial
guys that's exactly what they use one
pill for less than a dollar makes two
and a half gallons of great window
washing stuff probably enough to do this
whole big house next we're going to go
and try and show you how to do a real
high up window that you'd be afraid to
get on a ladder and we'll do it from the
ground and show you how easy it is
thanks and tune in for the next window
Washington
you